Some readme improvements (#108)
real-digital/esque: README.md

While adopting kafka at real.digital we noticed the immense entry barrier it poses to newcomers. 
We can't recount how often we wrote Slack messages asking for the script to check the 
status of topics or consumer groups. This is partly (but not only) due to a 
fragmented and unclear definition of tooling and APIs for kafka.
In a wide array of administration tools, `esque` distances itself by striving to provide Kafka Ops for Humans, in a usable and natural way.    
  
We feel that the goal of `esque` embodies the principle: “**keep easy things easy, and make hard things possible**”. 

## Principles

* batteries included
* feature rich
* robust
* insightful
* by engineers for engineers

## Feature Overview

* Support for any type of Kafka deployment >1.2

> * Listing of Resources (Topics, Consumergroups, Brokers)

Reviewer: All the other sentences start with a verb. What about "List Resource Instances" or "Display Resources"

Author: ```suggestion
* Display Resources (Topics, Consumergroups, Brokers)
```

> * Listing of Resources (Topics, Consumergroups, Brokers)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Listing of Resources (Topics, Consumer Groups, Brokers)
```

> * Get detailed Overviews of Resources (Topics, Consumergroups, Brokers)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Get detailed Overviews of Resources (Topics, Consumer Groups, Brokers)
```

* Create/Delete Topics
* Edit Topic Configurations
* Edit Consumer Offset for Topics

> * SASL/SSL Support support out of the box

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* SASL/SSL Support out of the box
```

* Consume and Produce to and from Avro and Plaintext Topics (including Avro Schema Resolution from Schema Registry)
* Context Switch (Easily Switch between pre-defined Clusters)
* Kafka Ping (Test roundtrip time to your kafka cluster)

## Command Overview

```bash

> $ esque

Reviewer: Usage: esque [OPTIONS] COMMAND [ARGS]...

  esque - an operational kafka tool.

  In the Kafka world nothing is easy, but esque (pronounced esk) is an
  attempt at it.

Options:
  --recreate-config  Overwrites the config with the sample config.
  --version          Show the version and exit.
  -v, --verbose      Return stack trace on error.
  --no-verify        Skip all verification dialogs and answer them with yes.
  --help             Show this message and exit.

Commands:
  apply     Apply a set of topic configurations.
  config    Configuration-related options.
  consume   Consume messages from a topic.
  create    Create a new instance of a resource.
  ctx       List contexts and switch between them.
  delete    Delete a resource.
  describe  Get detailed information about a resource.
  edit      Edit a resource.
  get       Get a quick overview of different resources.
  ping      Test the connection to the kafka cluster.
  produce   Produce messages to a topic.

Usage: esque [OPTIONS] COMMAND [ARGS]...

  esque - an operational kafka tool.

Options:
  --recreate-config  Overwrites the config with the sample config.
  --version          Show the version and exit.
  -v, --verbose
  --no-verify        Skips all verification dialogs and answers them with yes.
  --help             Show this message and exit.

Commands:

>   apply     Apply a configuration

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  apply     Apply a set of topic configurations.
```

>   config    Configuration-related options

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  config    Configuration-related options.
```

>   consume   Consume messages of a topic from one environment to a file or...

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  consume   Consume messages from a topic.
```

  create    Create a new instance of a resource.
  ctx       Switch clusters.
  delete    Delete a resource.
  describe  Get detailed information about a resource.
  edit      Edit a resource
  get       Get a quick overview of different resources.
  ping      Tests the connection to the kafka cluster.
  produce   Produce messages from <directory> based on output from transfer...
```

## Installation and Usage

### Installation

`esque` is available at [pypi.org](https://pypi.org/project/esque/) and can be installed with `pip install esque`. `esque` requires Python 3.6+ to run.

### Autocompletion

The autocompletion scripts for `bash` and `zsh` can be generated by running `esque config autocomplete`.

### Usage

#### Config Definition

When starting `esque` for the first time the following message will appear:

```bash
No config provided in ~/.esque
Should a sample file be created in ~/.esque [y/N]:
```

> When answering with `y` `esque` will copy over the [sample config](https://github.com/real-digital/esque/blob/master/esque/config/sample_config.yaml) to `~/.esque/esque.yaml`.

Reviewer: is it esque.yaml or esque_config.yaml now?

Author: I have an `esque.yaml` locally. :)

Afterwards you can modify that file to fit your cluster definitions.

> Alternatively might just provide a config file following the sample config's file in that path.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Alternatively can provide your own `esque_conf.yaml` config file in `~/.esque/`
```

--no-verify         Skip all verification dialogs and answer them with yes.
--help              Show this message and exit.

Commands:
apply     Apply a set of topic configurations.
config    Configuration-related options.
consume   Consume messages from a topic.
create    Create a new instance of a resource.
ctx       List contexts and switch between them.
delete    Delete a resource.
describe  Get detailed information about a resource.
edit      Edit a resource.
get       Get a quick overview of different resources.
ping      Test the connection to the kafka cluster.
produce   Produce messages to a topic.

```

## Installation and Usage

### Installation

`esque` is available at [pypi.org](https://pypi.org/project/esque/) and can be installed with `pip install esque`. `esque` requires Python 3.6+ to run.

### Autocompletion

The autocompletion scripts for `bash` and `zsh` can be generated by running `esque config autocomplete`.

### Usage

#### Config Definition

When starting `esque` for the first time the following message will appear:

```bash
No config provided in ~/.esque
Should a sample file be created in ~/.esque [y/N]:
```

> When answering with `y` `esque` will copy over the [sample config](https://github.com/real-digital/esque/blob/master/esque/config/sample_config.yaml) to `~/.esque/esque.yaml`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
When answering with `y` `esque` will copy over the [sample config](https://github.com/real-digital/esque/blob/master/esque/config/sample_config.yaml) to `~/.esque/esque_config.yaml`.
```

> It has to use the schema, which is used 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It has to use the same schema, which is used 
```

To setup your development environment, make sure you have at least Python 3.6 & [poetry](https://github.com/sdispater/poetry) installed, then run 

```bash

> poetry install --develop esque

Reviewer 2: poetry installs development packages by default.
```suggestion
poetry install
```

poetry shell
```

### Pre Commit Hooks

To install pre commit hooks run:

```bash
pip install pre-commit
pre-commit install
pre-commit install-hooks
```

### Run tests

> #### Integration Tests

Reviewer 2: Maybe add that you need docker and docker-compose for that.

Alternatively you can go the fast way and just run the whole stack + integration tests in docker: 

```bash

> make integration--test

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
make integration-test
```

Alternatively you can go the fast way and just run the whole stack + integration tests in docker: 

```bash
make integration-test
```

#### Unit Tests

> If you just want the unit tests simply run:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you only want the unit tests, just run:
```

 
```bash
make test
```

## Additional information

> You can find additional information, development cycle and release information on our [wiki page](https://github.com/real-digital/esque/wiki).

Reviewer 2: Do we need to update the wiki as well?

Author: Actually I was about to suggest to drop the wiki. Currently it holds no information which isn't in the readme. What do you think @ognjen-j ?
